So our second
technique with frenching the rack of lamb.
A little bit different.
But we're going to achieve the same result
nice clean bones here.
This way,
I'm going to cut straight down here.
This is going to be my indicator line.
Same as it was on this side.
And then what I'm going to do
is I'm going to go down the bone on either
side.
Down the bone here, over
and up, the bone on the other side.
So I'm going to use a piece of string here
anchored firmly.
And I
am right here,
so I'm going to take it, I'm
going to wrap it around, my rack
right at the top.
I'm going to make it taught,
I need to support the whole thing here.
If you don't support the whole thing,
you could rip that bone
right out
and check that out nice and clean.
So I'm going to work my way down
wrapping once, twice, make it taught,
support the rack.
Beautiful.
Now, as you get going here,
some of that fat can inhibit the friction
against the strings, so
you might need to use a couple of pieces.
Beautiful.
Nice.
So two separate techniques
for one beautiful Frenched rack.